---
title: Reframe > Privacy Policy
---

# Privacy Policy

Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at ReframeXR, Inc.
(“**Company**,” “**we**,” “**us**,” or “**our**”). We are committed to
protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you
have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice or our
practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us
at [<u>contact@reframexr.com</u>](mailto:contact@reframexr.com).

This privacy notice describes how we might use your information if you:

- Visit our website at <u>https://www.reframexr.com</u>.

- Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing,
  or events.

In this privacy notice, if we refer to:

- “**Website**,” we are referring to any website of ours that references
  or links to this policy.

- “**Services**,” we are referring to our Website, and other related
  services, including any sales, marketing, or events.

The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain to you in the clearest
way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights
you have in relation to it. If there are any terms in this privacy
notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our
Services immediately.

**Please read this privacy notice carefully, as it will help you
understand what we do with the information that we collect.**

**<span class="smallcaps">1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?</span>**

<span class="smallcaps">PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE TO US</span>

We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when
you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our
products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Website
or otherwise when you contact us.

The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your
interactions with us and the Website, the choices you make and the
products and features you use. The personal information we collect may
include the following:

**Personal Information Provided by You.** We collect names, email
addresses, phone numbers and other similar information.

All personal information that you provide to use must be true, complete
and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal
information.

<span class="smallcaps">INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED</span>

We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or
navigate the Website. This information does not reveal your specific
identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device
and usage information, such as your Internet Protocol (“**IP**”)
address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language
preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information
about how and when you use our Website and other technical information.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and
operation of our Website, and for our internal analytics and reporting
purposes.

Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and
similar technologies.

**The information we collect includes:**

- *Log and Usage Data.* Log and usage data is service-related,
  diagnostic, usage and performance information our servers
  automatically collect when you access or use our Website and which we
  record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log
  data may include your IP address, device information, browser type and
  settings and information about your activity in the Website (such as
  the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files
  viewed, searches and other actions you take such as which features you
  use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports
  (sometimes called “crash dumps”) and hardware settings).

- *Device Data.* We collect device data such as information about your
  computer, phone, tablet or other device you use to access the Website.
  Depending on the device used, this device data may include information
  such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application
  identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model
  Internet service provider or mobile carrier, operating system and
  system configuration information.

- *Location Data.* We collect location data such as information about
  your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How
  much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the
  device you use to access the Website. For example, we may use GPS and
  other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your
  current location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of
  allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to
  the information or by disabling your Location setting on your device.
  Note however, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able to use
  certain aspects of the Services.

<span class="smallcaps">INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM OTHER SOURCES</span>

In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers
and services to you and update our records, we may obtain information
about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing
partners, affiliate programs, data providers, as well as from other
third parties. This information includes mailing addresses, job titles,
email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP
addresses, social media profiles, social media URLs and custom profiles,
for purposes of targeted advertising and event promotion.

**<span class="smallcaps">2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?</span>**

We use personal information collected via our Website for a variety of
business purposes described below. We process your personal information
for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in
order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent,
or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific
processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.

**We use the information we collect or receive:**

- **To facilitate account creation and sign in process.** If you choose
  to link your account with us to a third-party account (such as your
  Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to
  collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and
  sign in process for the performance of the contract.

- **To post testimonials.** We post testimonials on our Website that may
  contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will
  obtain your consent to use your name and the content of the
  testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please
  contact us at <u>contact@reframexr.com</u>.

- **To manage user accounts.** We may use your information for the
  purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.

- **To send administrative information to you.** We may use your
  personal information to send you product, service and new feature
  information or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and
  policies.

- **To protect our Services.** We may use your information as part of
  our efforts to keep our safe and secure (for example, for fraud
  monitoring and prevention).

- **To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes,
  to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with
  our contract.**

- **To respond to legal requests and prevent harm.** If we receive a
  subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we
  hold to determine how to respond.

- **To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.** We may use
  your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential
  issues you might have with the use of our Services.

- **To send you marketing and promotional communications.** We or our
  third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you
  send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with
  your marketing preferences. For example, when expressing an interest
  in obtaining information about us or our Website, subscribing to
  marketing or otherwise contacting us, we will collect personal
  information from you.

- **Deliver targeted advertising to you.** We may use your information
  to develop and display personalized content and advertising (and work
  with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests or location
  and to measure its effectiveness.

**<span class="smallcaps">3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH
ANYONE?</span>**

**We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following
legal basis:**

- **Consent:** We may process your data if you have given us specific
  consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.

- **Legitimate Interests:** We may process your data when it is
  reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.

- **Performance of a Contract:** Where we have entered into a contract
  with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the
  terms of our contract.

- **Legal Obligations:** We may disclose your information where we are
  legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law,
  governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal
  process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including
  in response to public authorities to meet national security or law
  enforcement requirements).

- **Vital Interests:** We may disclose your information where we believe
  it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding
  potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations
  involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal
  activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.

**More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your
personal information in the following situations:**

- **Business Transfers.** We may share or transfer your information in
  connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of
  company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our
  business to another company.

**<span class="smallcaps">4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING
TECHNOLOGIES?</span>**

We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons
and pixels) to access or store information.

**<span class="smallcaps">5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR
INFORMATION?</span>**

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is
necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a
longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax,
accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will
require us keeping your personal information for longer than 90 days.

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your
personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such
information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your
personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will
securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further
processing until deletion is possible.

**<span class="smallcaps">6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
SAFE?</span>**

We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security
measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we
process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your
information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information
storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot
promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized
third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly
collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do
our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal
information to and from our Website is at your own risk. You should only
access the Website within a secure environment.

**<span class="smallcaps">7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM
MINORS?</span>**

We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18
years of age. By using the Website, you represent that you are at least
18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to
such minor dependent’s use of the Website. If we learn that personal
information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we
will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly
delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we
may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us
at [<u>contact@reframexr.com</u>](mailto:contact@reframexr.com)

**<span class="smallcaps">8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?</span>**

If you are a resident in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully
processing your personal information, you also have the right to
complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can
find their contact details
here: [<u>https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm</u>](https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm)

If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data
protection authorities are available
here: [<u>https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html</u>](https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html)

**Cookies and similar technologies** Most Web browsers are set to accept
cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your
browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove
cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or
services of our Website.

**<span class="smallcaps">10. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC
PRIVACY RIGHTS?</span>**

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The
Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request
and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about
categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third
parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all
third parties with which we shared personal information in the
immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident
and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in
writing to us using the contact information provided below.

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a
registered account with the Website, you have the right to request
removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Website. To
request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact
information provided below, and include the email address associated
with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will
make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Website, but please
be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed
from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).

**<span class="smallcaps">11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS
NOTICE?</span>**

We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version
will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version
will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material
changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently
posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a
notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently
to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

**<span class="smallcaps">12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS
NOTICE?</span>**

If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us
at [<u>contact@reframexr.com</u>](mailto:contact@reframexr.com).
